Adding docs on how to authenticate with prometheus to nifi 2.x.x  metrics (#786)
stackabletech/nifi-operator: docs/modules/nifi/pages/usage_guide/monitoring.adoc

```

IMPORTANT: If NiFi is configured to do any user authentication, requests to the metric endpoint must be authenticated and authorized.

=== Authentication with NiFi `2.x.x`
To authenticate, you can use a bearer token created by your NiFi instance e.g.

[source,bash]
----
curl -X POST https://simple-nifi-node-default-0.simple-nifi-node-default.<namespace>.svc.cluster.local:8443/nifi-api/access/token -d 'username=<user>&password=<password>' -k
----

> where `-k` equals `verify=false`. The reply is your bearer token.

Reviewer: I think it's more important to explain **why** `-k` is needed than what it does.

Author: Yeah, I agree. Still kept the what and added the why with [1de48db](https://github.com/stackabletech/nifi-operator/pull/786/commits/1de48db6ac40cce53e1e3532006e8198c515c262)

> You then can use the bearer token to authenticate with Prometheus replacing `basic_auth` with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to configure the Prometheus scraper to use the bearer token to authenticate against a NiFi pod.
```

Author: done with [1de48db](https://github.com/stackabletech/nifi-operator/pull/786/commits/1de48db6ac40cce53e1e3532006e8198c515c262)

[source,yaml]
----
---

> # basic_auth:
>   # username: <user>
>   # password: <password>
> authorization:
>   type: Bearer
>   credentials: "<Bearer Token>"
> tls_config:
>   insecure_skip_verify: true
> static_configs:
>   - targets:
>     - '<pod>.<statefulset>.svc.cluster.local:8443' <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authorization: <1>
  type: Bearer
  credentials: "<Bearer Token>" <2>
tls_config:
  insecure_skip_verify: true
static_configs:
  - targets:
    - '<pod>.<statefulset>.svc.cluster.local:8443' <3>
```

metrics_path: '/nifi-api/flow/metrics/prometheus'
scheme: https
----

> <1> Static targets only scrapes one pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Use the `authentication` property instead if the `basic_auth`.
<2> Add the previously obtained token here.
<3> Static targets only scrapes one pod.
```

  name: scrape-nifi2
  labels:
    stackable.tech/vendor: Stackable
    release: prometheus
spec:
  endpoints:
  - port: https
    path: 'nifi-api/flow/metrics/prometheus'
    scheme: https
    interval: 5s
    tlsConfig:
      insecureSkipVerify: true
    authorization:
      credentials: <1>
        key: "nifi_token"
        name: "nifi-authorization-secret"
        optional: false
      type: "Bearer"
    relabelings: <2>
      - sourceLabels:
          - __meta_kubernetes_pod_name
          - __meta_kubernetes_service_name
          - __meta_kubernetes_namespace
          - __meta_kubernetes_pod_container_port_number
        targetLabel: __address__
        replacement: ${1}.${2}.${3}.svc.cluster.local:${4}
        regex: (.+);(.+?)(?:-metrics)?;(.+);(.+)
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      prometheus.io/scrape: "true"
  namespaceSelector:
    any: true
  jobLabel: app.kubernetes.io/instance
----
<1> Authorization via Bearer Token stored in a secret
<2> Relabel \\__address__ to be a FQDN rather then the IP-Address of target pod

NOTE: As of xref:listener-operator:listener.adoc[Listener] integration, SDP exposes a Service with `-metrics` thus we need to regex this suffix.

> ==== Known Limitations
> 
> NiFi only allows authentication with JWT on pod level. Therefore you will need one endpoint per NiFi pod and a valid bearer token for each. This is a consequence of NiFi
> moving their metrics endpoint behind a strong authentication mechanism.

Reviewer: I would move this to the beginning of the authentication paragraph and update a little like this

```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
==== 
The NiFi metrics endpoints are behind a strong authentication mechanism which require credentials for each individual pod. 
====
```
